为下载页添加 GIF 动图 & 优化文案 (#183)
HMCL-dev/HMCL-docs: _downloads/java.md

![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.hmcl.net%2Fdownloads%2Fjava.html&count_bg=%233E4245&title_bg=%233E4245&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=%F0%9F%91%80&edge_flat=false)

正在前往 Java 下载页面，请点击下载，然后等待 Java 安装程序下载完成，最后启动安装程序，依照提示安装 Java。

没有前往？[点击此处](https://www.java.com/zh-CN/download)

---

> You are going to the Java download page, please click download, then wait for the Java installer to finish downloading, finally start the installer and follow the prompts to install Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are going to the Java download page. Please click download after redirecting, then wait for the Java installer to finish downloading, finally open the installer and follow the prompts to install Java.
```

> Not traveling? [Click here](https://www.java.com/download)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No redirect? [Click here](https://www.java.com/download)
```
